How to Submit Patches to the SELinux Generic Monitor Interface Project
===============================================================================
https://github.com/Laurent-Gaillard/selinux_generic_monitor

This document is intended to act as a guide to help you contribute to the
SELinux Generic Monitor Interface project.

## Test Your Code

Unfortunately, we do not have a test suite for the SELinux Generic Monitor
Interface project.
Therefore, you MUST make sure that at the very least your code compile without
any error on a RHEL 7/8 or CentOS 7/8 using the Makefile from the
selinux-policy-devel RPM of such GNU/Linux distributions.

Please, try your best not to break anything, and if you break something, make
sure you have a good reason, and make sure you tell us about it when you post
your patch.

In addition to functional and regression testing, you should also verify that
yoour patch is consistent with the formatting and coding style of the project.

## Generate the Patch(es)

Depending on how you decided to work with the code base and what tools you are
using there are different ways to generate your patch(es). However, regardless
of what tools you use, you should always generate your patches using the
"unified" diff/patch format and the patches should always apply to the SELinux
Generic Monitor Interface source tree using the following command from the top 
directory of the sources repository:

	% patch -p1 < changes.patch

If you are not using git, stacked git (stgit), or some other tool which can
generate patch files for you automatically, you may find the following command
helpful in generating patches, where "selinux_generic_monitor.orig/" is the 
unmodified source code directory and "selinux_generic_monitor/" is the source
code directory with your changes:

	% diff -purN selinux_generic_monitor.orig/ selinux_generic_monitor/

When in doubt please generate your patch and try applying it to an unmodified
copy of the SELinux Generic Monitor Interface sources; if it fails for you, it 
will fail for the rest of us.

## Explain Your Work

At the top of every patch you should include a description of the problem you
are trying to solve, how you solved it, and why you chose the solution you
implemented.  If you are submitting a bug fix, it is also incredibly helpful
if you can describe/include a reproducer for the problem in the description as
well as instructions on how to test for the bug and verify that it has been
fixed.

## Sign Your Work

The sign-off is a simple line at the end of the patch description, which
certifies that you wrote it or otherwise have the right to pass it on as an
open-source patch.  The "Developer's Certificate of Origin" pledge is taken
from the Linux Kernel and the rules are pretty simple:

	Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

	By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

	(a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
	    have the right to submit it under the open source license
	    indicated in the file; or

	(b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
	    of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
	    license and I have the right under that license to submit that
	    work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
	    by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
	    permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
	    in the file; or

	(c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
	    person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
	    it.

	(d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
	    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
	    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
	    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
	    this project or the open source license(s) involved.

... then you just add a line to the bottom of your patch description, with
your real name, saying:

	Signed-off-by: Random J Developer <random@developer.example.org>

## Post Your Patches Upstream

The SELinux Generic Monitor Interface project accepts both GitHub pull requests 
and patches sent via the mailing list.  GitHub pull requests are preferred. 
This sections below explain how to contribute via either method. Please read 
each step and perform all steps that apply to your chosen contribution method.

### Submitting via Email

Depending on how you decided to work with the code base and what tools you are
using there are different ways to generate your patch(es).  However, regardless
of what tools you use, you should always generate your patches using the
"unified" diff/patch format and the patches should always apply to the source
tree using the following command from the top directory of the sources:

	# patch -p1 < changes.patch

If you are not using git, stacked git (stgit), or some other tool which can
generate patch files for you automatically, you may find the following command
helpful in generating patches, where "selinux_generic_monitor.orig/" is the 
unmodified source code directory and "selinux_generic_monitor/" is the source 
code directory with your changes:

	# diff -purN selinux_generic_monitor.orig/ selinux_generic_monitor/

When in doubt please generate your patch and try applying it to an unmodified
copy of the sources; if it fails for you, it will fail for the rest of us.

Finally, you will need to email your patches to the authors so they can be
reviewed and potentially merged into the main repository.  When sending
patches to the authors it is important to send your email in text form,
no HTML mail please, and ensure that your email client does not mangle your
patches.  It should be possible to save your raw email to disk and apply it
directly to the source code; if that fails then you likely have a problem with
your email client.  When in doubt try a test first by sending yourself an email
with your patch and attempting to apply the emailed patch to the source
repository; if it fails for you, it will fail for the rest of us trying to test
your patch and include it in the main source repository.

### Submitting via GitHub

See [this guide](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) if you've never done this before.
